feat: Caption services (608/708) metadata (#1138)
videojs/http-streaming: README.md

* Default: [`SAFE_TIME_DELTA`](https://github.com/videojs/http-streaming/blob/e7cb63af010779108336eddb5c8fd138d6390e95/src/ranges.js#L17)
* Allow to  re-define length (in seconds) of time delta when you compare current time and the end of the buffered range.

##### captionServices
* Type: `object`
* Default: undefined

> * Allow to override instream captions like 608 and 708 to provide labels or languaages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow overriding of instream captions like 608 and 708 to provide labels and/or languages.
```

Author: Reworded entirely.
